Docs validation api (#9038)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/configuration_validation/admission_control.md

      "uid": "system:serviceaccount:kube-system:my-serviceaccount"
    },
    "object": {
      // The resource configuration that you want to validate in JSON format.
    }
  
```

|Parameter|Type|Required|Description|
|--|--|--|--|
|`request.uid`|String|No|A unique identifier for the validation request. You can use this field to find the validation output for a specific resource more easily.|
|`request.kind` |Object|Yes|Information about the type of Kubernetes object that is involved in the validation request. The following fields can be defined: <ul><li> `request.kind.group` (string): The API group of the resource that you want to validate, such as `gateway.solo.io`. </li><li>`request.kind.version` (string): The API version of the resource that you want to validate, such as `v1`. </li><li>`request.kind.kind` (string): The kind of resource that you want to validate, such as `VirtualService`. </li></ul> To find a list of supported group, version, and kind combinations, see the `rules` section in the Gloo Edge [validating admission webhook configuration](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/blob/main/install/helm/gloo/templates/5-gateway-validation-webhook-configuration.yaml).|

> |`request.resource`|Object|Yes|Information about the resource that is admitted to the webhook. In most cases, the resource defined in `request.kind` and `request.resource` is the same, and differs only when changes in API versions, or variations in resource naming were introduced, or, if the resource that you admit belongs to a subresource. If this is the case, you must include the `request.resource` field in your request to the validation API. If `request.kind` and `request.resource` are the same, the `request.resource` section can be omitted. </br></br>  The following fields can be defined: <ul><li> `request.resource.group` (string): The API group of the resource that you admit to the validation API. </li><li>`request.resource.version` (string): The API version of the resource that you want to admit. </li><li>`request.resource.kind` (string): The type of resource that you want to admit. </li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`request.resource`|Object|Yes|Information about the resource that is admitted to the webhook. In most cases, the resource defined in `request.kind` and `request.resource` is the same. They might differ only when changes in API versions or variations in resource naming were introduced, or if the resource that you admit belongs to a subresource. If this is the case, you must include the `request.resource` field in your request to the validation API. If `request.kind` and `request.resource` are the same, the `request.resource` section can be omitted. </br></br>  The following fields can be defined: <ul><li> `request.resource.group` (string): The API group of the resource that you admit to the validation API. </li><li>`request.resource.version` (string): The API version of the resource that you want to admit. </li><li>`request.resource.kind` (string): The type of resource that you want to admit. </li></ul> |
```

|`request.name`|String|No|The name of the resource that you want to validate.|
|`request.namespace`|String|No|The namespace where you want to create, update, or delete the resource. |
|`request.operation`|String|Yes|The operation in Kubernetes that you want to use for your resource. The operation that you can set depends on the resource that you want to validate. You can find supported operations in the `rules` section in the Gloo Edge [validating admission webhook configuration](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/blob/main/install/helm/gloo/templates/5-gateway-validation-webhook-configuration.yaml).  |
|`request.userInfo`|Object|No|Information about the user that sends the validation request. The following fields can be provided: <ul><li>`request.userInfo.username` (string): The name of the user that sends the validation request, such as `my-serviceaccount`. </li><li>`request.userInfo.uid` (string): The unique identifier of the user. </li><li>`request.userInfo.groups` (array of strings): A list of groups that the user belongs to.</li></ul> 

> |`request.object`|Object|Yes|The resource configuration that you want to validate, such as an upstream, gateway, or virtual service, in JSON format. Refer to the [API reference](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/api/}) for more information about the fields that you can set for each resource.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`request.object`|Object|Yes|The resource configuration that you want to validate, such as an upstream, gateway, or virtual service, in JSON format. Refer to the [API reference](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/api/) for more information about the fields that you can set for each resource.|
```
